ignition: add ignition3 section (#227)
flatcar-linux/flatcar-docs: docs/provisioning/ignition/specification.md

[ct-config]: ../config-transpiler/configuration

## Ignition v3

> Starting from release 3178, Ignition v3 (3.3.0) is supported in addition of Ignition v2. There are some things to be aware of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from release 3178.0.0, Ignition v3 (specification 3.3.0) is supported in addition of Ignition v2. There are some things to be aware of:
```

    * **_system_** (bool): whether or not this account should be a system account. This only has an effect if the account doesn't exist yet.
  * **_groups_** (list of objects): the list of groups to be added. All groups must have a unique `name`.
    * **name** (string): the name of the group.
    * **_gid_** (integer): the group ID of the new group.
    * **_passwordHash_** (string): the encrypted password of the new group.
    * **_shouldExist_** (boolean) whether or not the group with the specified `name` should exist. If omitted, it defaults to true. If false, then Ignition will delete the specified group.
    * **_system_** (bool): whether or not the group should be a system group. This only has an effect if the group doesn't exist yet.
* **_kernelArguments_** (object): describes the desired kernel arguments.
  * **_shouldExist_** (list of strings): the list of kernel arguments that should exist.
  * **_shouldNotExist_** (list of strings): the list of kernel arguments that should not exist.

## Ignition v2

> The Ignition specification 2.3.0 is deprecated but still not supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Ignition specification 2.3.0 is not developed anymore but still supported:
```
